www.samco.in
getmoneyrich.com

Owner	Divided per share	Sector	Customers	Bussiness
 Government of India 	12			Mining :Coal India Limited is an Indian state-owned coal mining and refining company headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India. It is the largest coal-producing company in the world and a Maharatna Public sector undertaking
Private	3.9			Mining :company based in India, with its main operations in iron ore, gold and Aluminium mines in Goa, Karnataka, Rajasthan and Odisha.
 Government of India 	5			Oil and Natural Gas Corporation is an Indian Multinational Crude Oil and Gas Corporation
 Government of India 	11			REC Limited, formerly Rural Electrification Corporation Limited, is a public Infrastructure Finance Company in India’s power sector
 Government of India 	6.4			Gail Limited is Government of India undertaking company. Gail is the largest state-owned natural gas processing and distribution company in India.
 Government of India 	3.15			NTPC Limited, formerly known as National Thermal Power Corporation Limited, is an Indian Public Sector Undertaking, engaged in the business of generation of electricity and allied activities
Vedanta Limited	16.5			Hindustan Zinc Limited is an integrated mining and resources producer of zinc, lead, silver and cadmium. It is a subsidiary of Vedanta Limited. HZL is the world's second largest zinc producer
 Government of India 	9.5			Financial Consulting, Financial Products, Investment Banking, Loan Management, Linkage Management
Private	10.15			Consumer goodsCigarettesApparelEducationHotels and ResortsPaperboards & Specialty PapersPackagingAgri-BusinessInformation Technology
Private	17.5			Infosys Limited, is an Indian multinational corporation that provides business consulting, information technology and outsourcing services.
Private	10			
 Government of India 	10.6			Oil India Limited is the second largest hydrocarbon exploration and production Indian public sector company with its operational headquarters in Duliajan, Assam, India
Govt state 	10			The Power Grid Corporation of India Limited, is an Indian state-owned Maharatna company headquartered in Gurugram, India and engaged mainly in Transmission of Power.
Private	78			Tata Consultancy Services Limited is an Indian multinational information technology service and consulting company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Private	10			Tata Steel Limited, formerly Tata Iron and Steel Company Limited, is an Indian multinational steel-making company based in Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, and is headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal, India.
Private	31			Indiabulls Housing Finance Limited is a mortgage lender headquartered in Gurugram, Haryana, India. It is India's second largest housing finance company and is regulated by the National Housing Bank. 
